# VSA-Research
VSA Research Summer 2018

## About the Code
This repository is for the Virtual Student Advisor Project. The code is run in Jupyter Notebook. Each notebook has more extensive documentation inside, explaining why I choose certain values or particular functions.

## Dataset Files
### For classification
1. VSA_new_total – non-normalized dataset
2. VSA_new_norm – normalized dataset
3. VSA_norm_reduced – Reduced normalized
4. VSA_labels – The target score for the above datasets
5. VSADataForClassification_new data.xlsx - The original Excel file generated by Rashi
### For NLP
1. studyplan_document.txt – The study plan represented as a document.
2. studyplan_sentences – PlanIDs mapped to study plan sentence representations as described in the main document
3. studyplans.csv - The plans generated from the Vsadatabse. SQL code in the documentation.
## Code Files
1. Decision Tree Classification.ipynb – Code for how I used various decision tree classifiers
2. Neural Network Binary Classifier.ipynb – Code for how I classified using a Neural Network
3. PCA.ipynb – Code for how I performed PCA
4. Preprocessing for Classification.ipynb – Code for how I preprocessed the original files
5. Sentence Vectors.ipynb – Creates one-hot-encoded sentence vectors
6. LSTM – Has the (currently testing) LSTM model. Does not work at all.
## Code File running order
Please run the code files in this order so that the files used in the code may be created:
1.	Preprocessing for Classification
2.	PCA
3.	Any classifier file (either neural network or decision tree)
4.	Any NLP file
Also the data should be in the same folder as the notebook to run, unless you alter the code.
